This is a head-gum original.
I can't believe you're doing this.
I already know what this is.
No, that's a grand tourismo.
Boom boom shii shii!
Welcome!
Nice!
Welcome to the shit wall!
It's like...
That's...
This is a legit song.
That's the theme song of the fucking song.
Show you host.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Do you want me to do that whole intro again?
I worked kind of hard on it.
I legitimately did not.
I even listened to a recent episode.
This is a head-gum.
You probably skipped for the head-gum original.
So here we go.
This is the theme song of the host show that we all host.
Mostly Casey, but yeah.
Me and Maurice.
Okay, thanks.
And maybe it's a banger.
Boom boom boom shii shii!
Yeah.
It's a boom boom shii shii!
Welcome to the shit wall.
This is the Jeff One podcast for shit fans.
Yeah.
So for those of you who don't know, let's plug it up top.
Casey and Marika.
What is the pit wall?
The pit wall is a formula one podcast for casual fans.
It's a podcast about the goings on.
The world of formula one.
We talk about all of the boys and their expensive toys.
And how they drive them all around the world.
And then we also like watch movies when there's no races.
I'm your shot cast principal Jeffrey Donahue.
And I'm joined by Marika.
You guys are married?
Good girl.
This is a small wedding.
I'm embarrassed that we didn't invite.
Yeah.
Shot me too.
I'm joined by Marika W.E.F.
Brownlee.
That's won't ever finish.
Andrew dial up as in he's old and he loves tech.
And Casey Donna, who cares about formula one?
That's a great question.
Yeah.
That we asked our audience every week.
Would you say that this is similar to how the pit wall goes so far?
So far.
So yeah.
Let's talk about Sims.
Oh God.
Look at your guys.
It's energy.
You can still don't know if I'm in a trap right now.
Really?
I'm having a hard time figuring out what you're supposed to do.
Yeah.
I'm being attacked.
Or I act a friend or an enemy.
This so far that was all the attacks on your guys' character that I had.
But the rest is going to, you know, who knows what has and what I have in store other than me.
This is the shit wall.
Yeah.
For shit fans.
Like fans of shit.
No, like shitty fans.
Like casual fans.
No.
These fans are pretty shitty.
They don't actually watch the races.
They don't show up to the records.
But it's a Jeff one podcast.
So is it shitty fans of you?
Exactly.
So this episode is for the shittiest fans of me.
Got it.
Yeah.
It's like the fan.
It's the people that don't watch the headgun podcast.
They don't watch headgun sketches.
They're tuning in to the YouTube channel.
Just to watch the Jake and a mirror videos.
This episode is for fans of the pit wall who haven't heard the headgun podcast.
No, nobody.
Definitely.
Actually, no.
There might be a person.
They're genuinely might be someone.
Someone did DMS like, who is this Jeff guy?
There.
Let's do that.
It was me.
I DM that.
Oh, yeah, fair.
Imagine for a second a world where there's a headgun sim.
Like a racing sim.
But for a headgun.
Well, Marty.
Racing sim is just a simulator, right?
So it's a simulation of a race.
Yeah.
This is a simulation of the goings on of headgun.
Right?
So let's say if we played the Sims, but made all of us characters.
Well, less of the Sims and more like what is the racing sim called?
What's the name of that game?
Oh, there's all sorts of games.
The racing sim is a piece of equipment.
It's a steering wheel and pedals that you plug into.
The metal.
Gaming system or your gaming PC.
God.
If it was a headgun simulator, though, what would happen?
It wouldn't be like the Sims, Marika.
So don't say that again.
But basically, it's like if the company was simulated,
how would things be different?
How would things be the same?
How do you think that might go?
Let's simulate it for five years.
What do you think happens?
It's pile.
Are we looking at a sale?
Are we selling to high-heart radio?
Are we selling to Shopify?
That'd be great.
Not a table.
Do those exist?
Do what exists?
In five years?
In five years in this sim that we've created?
Yeah.
How is high-heart radio doing in five years in this?
This is a pretty expansive sim that it's also
simulating other companies.
Yeah.
It's open world.
It's an open world.
You wake up in the morning.
You have to decide what copy shop of the five copy shops around you.
It's over to go to...
Are you going to...
Are we playing ourselves or not?
We're playing ourselves.
We're not like...
Well, you know how?
Like...
That's the thing.
NBA players will always be like...
You'll be doing the press day, the media day,
that would just happen the earlier this week.
Like...
I got to admit...
I don't play as myself in 2K.
I play as LeBron.
So it's like...
If you were...
Like, let's go down the line.
If you were doing a headgum sim,
who would you want to play?
Hmm.
Is this...
Is this just whose job do you want?
It's a little bit more complicated than that
because it isn't a sim.
Well, I'd say if it was...
If I'm playing this headgum sim...
The...
The role...
To be as Marty because...
Yeah.
You make...
You're making all the...
The...
The decisions for the track that...
That the sim is going to be on.
Right?
It's like...
But the question is, do you want that authority?
Do you want that responsibility?
Like in the sim or in real life,
do I want to be CEO of Headgum?
What's the sim?
But it's the stake of horror.
And the sim...
Okay.
Sure.
I will try all sorts of crazy things.
I'll probably set it.
That's true.
But you're just on the phone all day talking to people.
That's what I was going to say.
I think...
Well...
Well, in the sim, I would...
I would make my own track.
You know?
It's like creating them on the phone.
I would like creating them on the phone.
And...
In a sporty period.
You're not on the phone all day.
Wouldn't it fail?
That is the question, isn't it?
And that's the question.
No, it's not the question.
It's not the question.
Basically in your sim...
It's not the content creator.
I feel like that's a more exciting sim.
Well, here's the big question.
Are we not in a sim right now?
Well, we're playing the headgum sim.
Are we also using pedals and a steering wheel?
Of course.
That's fine.
In that case, I do want to be Marty because he has the biggest car.
He has the biggest and best car.
Best car.
He has the nicest car.
Yeah.
But Jake, just because he gets the cash of Marty, but with eight and eight of the work.
Right?
So like he gets to do the pit wall or not.
He has the Brooklyn townhouse.
He has the budget for a place upstate.
And it's almost better.
I would say to have the budget for a place upstate than to have the place upstate.
I think pile can speak.
Agreed.
100%.
Because you forget that you like the money.
Yeah.
You don't want the slap.
The amount is here.
The massive crack in the level.
You know what I mean?
And because I think about slap boundation case, you know, is that you can't get under
there.
There's no cracking crawl space, so you're talking about tearing up flooring in
having just the lay out, you're not talking about going underneath the fucking beams.
Yeah.
Man, your preaching to the choir.
Lail, no.
I'm a basement guy for life.
What's that?
What are all spades?
Can you, like?
Sorry, you have to be better rested if you're going to say that.
if you're going to say that sentence.
Cause you looked like he didn't even come and sucked in a year.
I have it's left in a three years.
He just like five, right?
Why is he just turning three?
I don't think it's him that's keeping me up.
I think it's the same.
My stress, my life.
Yeah, the same.
I'm not putting my character to sleep at all.
Yeah.
Marie, could you be in the same?
I said, Jay.
I'd also want to be Marty, but I don't understand
like, if I'm playing Marty in the sim,
do I just have to do the things that Marty does every day?
Or can I make my own path for this Marty character
and see what happens?
Like, can I take the, do I have to take the racing line
or can I go off to the side?
And you're asking if you can let D die?
Oh, I would never.
I would never.
And be like, what the fuck are you talking about?
It's a sad board of, well, things that we've said.
Yeah.
But this is the shit wall.
So we're talking about the shit wall.
The most work you've ever put into a shit.
Yeah.
But this is the shit wall.
So we're talking about the shit wall.
Yeah.
I woke up in various other kinds of sports cars.
This is a segment I like to call DRS or repossess.
Here we have some of this thing who don't know what DRS is.
A drag reduction system.
Exactly right.
How do I know not to be like, the slip stream.
Exactly.
Kind of.
So this is a two part.
This is a kind of a two-prong game, rather.
We're going to get, I'm showing you guys cars.
You're going to tell me which driver on the F1 grid this car belongs to.
And then you're going to say DRS or repossess.
There's no wrong answers.
It's just, would you use this to drive in a slip stream or would you like, rather
send this to a jumpsuit?
Specifically in a slip stream.
Behind who.
So I'm driving, I'm driving this car while right behind somebody else.
Behind Marty in the same, but you're in real life.
Does this all make sense?
Yeah.
Because it's car.
It's definitely Charles's car.
It's Ferrari.
It's got the way to restrate.
Yeah.
And are you DRS singer, are you repossessing?
Absolutely DRS.
But I can't drive.
I can't drive.
I didn't know that.
Can I ask you?
So Tyler, are you into cars?
Can I ask?
Yeah.
I'm into cars.
So like, what makes this a million dollars, but like a stock Lamborghini is like
200 grams?
Well, this is like a fully custom.
Like a higher end Ferrari.
Lamborghini only makes like three cars or two cars.
I think so.
And any Lamborghini is the same for Ferrari.
Is that true?
I don't know anything about these things.
You know what I like?
I like the like old Land Rover defenders.
If I had a dream car, I'd be that.
Yeah.
Those are cool cars.
Yeah, but those are like a hundred thousand dollars restored.
Well, yeah.
They aren't out.
So why is this a million dollars?
It's made out of carbon fiber.
Yeah, probably.
I like it.
It's all under the hood, man.
Yeah.
You know what?
I'm going to change my answer for the head comes in.
If I was the head comes in.
I would be pile and then I would quit.
And then I would leave the sim and go back to resuming my life.
That way, pile wouldn't be at the company anymore.
I'm confused.
So yeah, I don't.
You would quit the game.
You would play in the pile and you quit the game.
No, I would play as pile and I would quit the company.
And then I would resume normal life.
In the sim.
Yes.
As my cell.
You're still simulating after he quit the company.
Yeah, because then I can live in that reality for a minute.
Okay.
We've never talked about this.
This is the worst time in my life.
In a way.
I mean, looking on a thing.
Look at the trim in your house.
I mean, the fucking.
The olive toe.
So dark in here.
And you don't even mean just visually.
You mean energetically.
Yes.
It's all that.
DRS or repossess.
And who do you think is belongs to?
Kind of you, Lance.
Do you think this is Lance?
Yeah.
I hate to.
I kind of love to break things to you guys.
Oh, she's this fucking car.
Is this Fernando?
Uh, this is Max's.
Wow.
Really?
Because we forget that you don't.
That's right.
Well, that's a bad car.
Yeah.
Maybe funny.
If you drove around in one of those red bull rap for us.
That's going to.
A red bull street team thing.
A red bull fluke talk.
You know, one of those planes that they make that they shoot.
Yeah.
But he just like flies it and lands it and parallel parks.
They were to get coffee.
DRS or repossess.
I don't really.
Really?
Yeah.
I like asked.
But I would.
DRS over the Ferrari.
No.
There's something classier about this.
I think there's something about this photo.
That makes it look like a Craigslist.
Like you car.
I get that.
I get that for sure.
I don't know though.
I think this.
This looks so much faster.
Yeah.
Faster.
You have to.
The only place you can drive this is like onrodeo to get like a shitty lunch.
And this looks fast.
Can I see the other one?
Yeah.
It looks like it's got like leather interior that's that's peeling because it's been in the sun for too long.
Apparently, Max, your staff on the has a road approved version of James Bond's car in the film Spectre.
That's a DB5.
That's also really cool.
DB11.
Actually.
This is the DB11.
Holy shit.
All right.
Here we go.
He has like five.
Yeah.
That is like five.
We've been on.
DRS or repossess.
That's a repossess.
Is that Czechosian?
Yeah.
That's absolutely correct.
He's in the passenger seat, by the way.
But this is his car.
It's he really is.
He's his car.
This, according to the internet, this is Czechos car.
And he doesn't even drive it.
I mean, I've ever civic type R.
Czech.
Can we all agree?
Czechos a bottom.
He's a sub.
Sure.
Yeah.
100% he's never been on.
He's definitely a wife guy.
Big wife guy.
Repossess.
I don't like that.
The colors are bad.
Yeah.
I don't really like these boxy kind of cars.
Me either.
But this looks like it could take a corner really well.
That's.
Yeah.
That's that's like you're going to say.
You golf.
It's where it's like car guys.
They're entry levels the golf because it's like technically a good build.
But it's just like the equivalent of like a St.
Go SKX like it ultimately doesn't.
I mean, just you clearly know things about cars.
I don't know it.
Stuff about like this kind of car.
Like I don't.
I've never like looked into the Ferrari or like the McLaren of it all because it's like.
Honestly, me neither because I'm like, I can't afford these things.
Why haven't bothered?
It's beyond my time learning.
Even if I did have that much money.
I wouldn't spend it on this.
But I would spend it on like.
Say it with me now.
In awesome car.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
DRS or repossess.
Repossess.
Yeah.
And I think you guys know who's car.
This is.
It's got to be really short.
That's.
It goes wrong.
I actually know what Louis drives.
I'm going to wonder if you get this one right.
Well, Louis has a whole fleet.
So I don't know.
He does have multiple cars.
But I'm wondering which one you're going to choose.
It's not the one you think it is.
I don't know.
Claring.
Um.
Yeah, this is a bummer car.
It's like a bad place.
It's not an AMG.
And also it's a coupe with two door.
Uh, sitting in basic.
Oh.
What?
Like why this photo in like a parking structure of this.
No, this.
I think I think this setting is perfect for this car.
Uh.
The environment around it is what I feel like looking at it.
But it could it could like catfish.
Maybe in another location.
I think I think this is an AMG to his credit.
Because I think it's a V8 on the side there.
Yeah.
But it does.
It would say a turbo.
I think it says AMG on the front grill.
Yeah.
Um.
All right.
And it's got the carbon fire.
Oh, do you know both.
Look.
This is a Batman car.
I'll take a Ferrari.
I don't even know all the fries.
Yes.
There's a such a weird hood treatment.
I don't think this is.
That's like not standard is it?
I don't know.
No, this is Batman's car for sure.
This is science is car for sure.
And this car.
Oh, what's the difference?
Yeah.
I like how nobody knows what we're talking about.
First.
It's the shit wall.
All right.
Jesus.
I.
Would D.R.S.
Like, I'm not going to replace us this car because ideally I would be in the passenger seat.
Yeah.
Okay.
Mary decides.
Right.
She got it.
Why are we doing this on the head gun podcast?
This is, this is, we could have done this.
That's just a regular pit wall episode.
This is good.
If it's good, then they will come.
Right.
Basically, I'm trying to do like this is a segment we were doing the pit wall.
But this is expanding the audience to be like, hey, head gun podcast audience.
You listen to the fucking pit wall.
All right.
Can we talk about Carlos signs again for one second?
Yeah.
I love to.
It's an 812 competition A.
Oh.
And you know what it's replacing.
I think Marieka, you know this.
Marieka.
Wait.
He used to drive a goal.
Just like, oh, you're truly.
I know it.
All right.
Do you know what they go around the like drivers briefing and they ask everybody what they drive.
Oh, yeah.
I have.
I drive a car.
Or we possess this.
This is a Clarence or stupid.
Really?
Except for the actual McLaren F1 car, which is the best car I've ever made.
I like I kind of like McLaren's designs more than Ferrari's.
I don't like how.
I like that.
Like this is.
Yeah.
Oh, I agree.
This to me looks like a modern version of like a fucking,
um, what's the back to the future car?
That's a lot more.
Like if that was in steel,
I think this has going doors.
How can be the door?
Yeah.
I like this color.
This is a, this is a, yeah.
It's like a creamy or color them.
It matches your entire energy because it matches like like you have the wood that matches the leather sofa.
You have the waltz hat that kind of matches that.
You have the hair and then you have the car.
I want to like about these cars.
If you ever see them in real life,
they come up to like your hip.
Yeah.
They're so small.
It's so got to feel the road man.
Yeah.
You got to feel the rush to the road.
Gars.
Um, so we're saying,
Repossess.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
I would say D RS, but that's fine.
D RS repossess.
It's got to be Lewis Lewis.
Mm-hmm.
This is his daily driver though.
He does have that purple golfing.
Yeah.
For daily driver, I would D RS.
Looks sturdy.
And his GQ interview,
I believe he drove around a smart car.
Is that true?
Yeah.
That's funny.
What?
GQ interview was this?
There's a couple years ago after he lost Max.
These are like a video.
No.
It was not a video.
Oh.
Okay.
I'm going to say repossess.
This is like a soccer mom car.
And I'm not about it.
No.
I like it.
How do you get the G-wagon?
I don't know why you would get.
What about the E-wagon?
E-maker in the parking.
Okay
Pile needs me.
That was a car.
What is this?
D RS.
Grabed.
Graeds.
Villains car?
Oh!
What is this?
This is an S-L, right?
Is this for an Andes?
This is Ocons.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
For sure.
Yeah.
This is Ocons card.
It's upsetting.
It's smelling.
Who else is driving a type R Civic?
Stop.
Back for Staten.
It's you King.
Yeah.
Is this you King?
That totally works for me.
Is this?
But yes.
Repossess.
All right.
And last one.
Love it for you, King.
This piles.
Dear.
Repossess.
Well, it's for our colors.
So I imagine the engine must be real nice.
It's good.
I wish I had a tractor so bad.
I'd be really cool.
Are you a millennial who misses what life was like in the 2000s?
Have you had a hard time finding new or curated music?
Are you interested in multiple perspectives on relationships dating and otherwise
and are looking for hosts that offer a non-male bashing perspective.
But also, hold both sex is accountable.
Then you're going to love see the thing is.
A podcast hosted by Grammy Award winning R&B artist Bridget Kelly and media personality
and podcast trailblazer, Mandy B.
Twice a week, Bridget and Mandy have nostalgic conversations in their grown segments, political
pop culture conversations in their honest segments, and a relationship hot take conversations
in the slightly toxic segment.
The opinions on the show are real and brought to you by the genuine connections that the
ladies have with their guests who they like to call their friends with benefits.
Each week you'll leave with some new recommend music recommendations or a curated playlist
that you didn't even know you needed in their freshly squeezed music segment.
Most recently, the ladies have sat down with Ari Lennox, Neo, Mooney Long and Chloe Bailey.
Follow and subscribe to see the thing is on Spotify, Apple Podcasts or on YouTube.
New audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday and visual episodes are available on YouTube, Wednesdays
and Saturdays.
Check it out.
It's brought to you by better help.
Sometimes you don't know what's good for you, right?
Do you ever feel like your brain is getting in the way of really honing in on the things that
are going to feed your spirit and your highest good?
Like, you know what you should do, what's good for you, but you just can't bring yourself
to do it.
Well, therapy helps you figure out what's holding you back so that you can work for yourself
instead of against yourself.
I'm in therapy every week and this specific thing is something that I really try to
hone in on every week.
You know, what is serving my highest good?
What are the things that are like bringing me joy, you know, and getting me wise?
So if you're thinking of giving therapy a try, start with better help.
It's entirely online designed to be convenient, flexible, and suited to your schedule.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire and get matched with a licensed therapist
and switch therapist at any time for no additional charge.
Make your brain your friend with better help.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Today to get 10% off your first month.
Again, that's better help.
H-E-L-P dot com slash what's that?
Thanks, better help.
I mean, for the people listening at home, those were a bunch of cars that we just looked
at that that you could just look at.
That we looked at a bunch of cars.
Yeah.
Just luxury cars, looking at photos of luxury cars, like we're like, we're in middle school.
Yeah, talking about a bunch of people you definitely don't care about.
I'm watching qualifying as we work for this.
I haven't watched it yet.
We're into Q2.
So anyway, any guesses on what happened in Q1?
I'm going to go with Logan Sargent is not in a Q2.
Correct.
Yeah.
There were no upsets in Q1.
Everyone who is not in Q2, you would expect to know that.
It's like wonderful.
Yeah.
Does that mean?
It's like I have to do something else when I started putting together my new vacuum.
You went through the trouble of sampling.
Yeah.
You clicked on that.
And then.
Okay.
That is me.
Here is a segment stolen from the pit wall, basically.
But we're going to once again adjust it for the head of the company.
Every week when we're talking about the race, we basically go from bottom to top.
Yeah.
Um.
Oh.
I hate that.
Please don't ever do that.
Yeah.
Um.
Oh, God.
The whoever's on the show goes bottom to top in the constructor's championship.
And talks about how that team.
No, we do.
No.
It's per race.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It is per race.
But it is by points that they receive in the championship.
You're both kind of right.
But my team was my part.
Well, my part is definitely right.
Jeff, you're kind of right.
Thank you.
So I thought that we could basically go from bottom to top of who's good at headgum, right?
And this is in chronological order of my personal rankings.
And just say how many points we think they should get this week on the show.
Does that make sense?
Okay.
Like the performance this week at the company we're rating right now.
In a way.
Basically, it's yeah, who did the best or who's sorry, who did the worst to best at the company this week?
And is it by teams?
I wanted to do by teams.
I really did.
I don't know the difference between the sales team and the partnership team.
And I don't know who's on it or not.
So basically, I tried to do by team.
We're going to have to do it by drivers or by individuals.
Is that fair?
Yeah.
Let's start at the very bottom with Peter.
Radio silence from Peter in the slacks.
I don't know what he does at the company, right?
So we're going to end with him.
Start with him, rather.
What do we have to say about his performance this week?
Is he on the tech team?
Yes.
Okay.
So file, why don't you speak on it?
He's doing great.
Okay.
He also has a fully different time zone than all of us.
Yeah.
I don't know.
He just moved to France.
Why?
Really?
Where?
Some say he brought the bedbugs to Paris.
Is that a known other bedbugs in Paris?
Oh, yeah.
It's a bad situation.
Yeah.
I don't know what Peter does day to day.
And I don't hear from him day to day.
But whatever he's doing, I'm sure it's great.
I've always thought that about that guy.
Yep.
Yes.
All right.
Moving up one run.
We're going to have to hit him with Michelle.
Sales team or partnerships add-offs.
What the fuck is the difference?
She works on gum ball or what?
The mostly I'm talking about people.
I've heard it this fucking said jack shit in the slack.
How am I supposed to do the job?
He's been coming to your head gum show Jeff now.
Yeah.
We've turned the corner for a while.
He was like trying to be a pit wall Jeff.
And that was like becoming.
I just, I didn't hear anything from Michelle this week.
So how am I supposed to know that she did her job?
I saw her in the office.
So I know she did her job.
I was in the office.
I did a job.
Yeah.
What is your job?
We don't know if that's true.
We never know.
I had a podcast came out today.
And I know.
A sketch is being shot today at noon because I wrote it.
I'm script format.
Yeah.
And you just tried a schedule.
You did say that you were available all day to record this podcast.
And I looked at the calendar saw the sketch shoot and was like,
I'm going to suggest the morning.
Yeah.
And also, to be clear, I did have to ping you about loading the video podcast.
And I also had to edit the ad markers on our 19 because he fucked those up.
Sorry, zero points for Jeff.
I don't upload the audio episode.
That was Grace Harper.
So you can't pin that shit on me.
Pin that on Grace.
But you never do.
Nobody ever fucking says the grace does anything wrong.
Shout out Grace by the way.
I could see what she did.
She did a great job because she did.
No, no, no, no, no.
You can't say Grace did a great job.
You can't say Grace did a great job because you know what's Grace.
Because actually, I would have done a great job.
I thought it was near points this week.
Actually, don't DNF.
Zero points.
DNF for Jeff.
Yeah.
But not actually penalty next race.
This sucks.
Little bit harder than the shit wall.
Yeah.
No, we're ending with that shit.
We're ending with that shit.
Okay.
Moving on.
I haven't heard for Ryan in a minute.
All the people I talk to.
You're like, what are they doing?
Yeah, you're literally going out of the VPs on the company.
Can I ask you this?
Why are all these people moving to France?
Moving to the Hamptons.
I want to move to those places.
This isn't the Hamptons.
And he is.
He's never.
This sucks.
He was at Vid Summit this week.
What's Vid Summit?
I don't know.
Fuck this.
Let's go rapid fire.
All right.
This is truly my ranking of who I think does a good job at the company this week.
Moving on.
We'll just say good job or bad job or something or point.
How many points we should afford them?
Gianna.
On vacation this week.
But great job.
Zero points.
Dnf.
Pile.
Narissa.
Great job.
Brett.
Awesome.
Great job.
The entire fucking company on vacation.
The podcast principle or the fucking the team principle.
Marty should be fired for that.
I know that we want to have this like hip start-up environment but it's like if you don't stay on people, nothing gets it done.
Stay on people.
What do you want?
Yeah.
What are you asking for right now?
No vacation day.
This is a sad man.
No vacation days.
Let's just go all the way up to like who I consider to be like the red bulls of the fucking company.
Let's go alley and me.
Okay.
Well, alley's max for staff and.
Yeah.
And I'm.
Check out.
Nevermind.
I'll be fucking.
Your Alex Alban man.
You were a red bull.
And now you're Williams.
Oh, my god.
I'm.
I'm my kid.
Send on my lap and watch like the first lap with me.
Which is always fun because if there's going to be a go crashing is we're going to let.
So, why sample that one?
Oh, my god.
Uh, now we're going to move on to the cool down room.
Which I can.
The staple in the pit wall and it's not this is actually my pitch for a fucking segment
Yeah, we need more segments or sap and podcast. We spend like an hour and 20 minutes talking about the race and then it's like okay
Let's do five way segment
Well, we're about to wrap things up. It's only been 35 minutes almost the pit walls too long. That's way too long
We all know that we all know
But we're passionate about the top every every episode
We say we host to move on
Throughout the episode because we really do and yet there's there's it's always surprising how much there is to talk about for sure for sure
The cooldown room
Wait, sorry, so sorry, so
We just
You just did a ranking of
Co-workers based on the people that you don't talk to and then said you and Alia the top two
And nobody else. This is just based on this week's performance this week's race this week Jeff did record
The pit wall
Misty which is which is a near-impossible task for him to do
That was wasn't that last week. I think that was last week. Okay. That's right for this
Interesting
Yeah, no, I'll take that though because last week we recorded two episodes and Jeff was on both
That's true. Thank you
So I'll give him the points and enjoy the points Jeff. Wonderful to the points
Yeah, I mean I
Well, I mean you guys have anything to add then are you saying you don't want to move on
Has the constructors standing we moved on we did but Murika was like hang on a minute. What just happened?
Erica
Gone she's the fucking what's his name the guy who got shit cannon favorite of Daniel Ricardo because guess who came back to the company
Who we I want back
Let's get Mike back on the fucking you want you want you want Mike to do Erica's job
Mike is my Ricardo right? He's my favorite and I want him back in the game
I don't care if it's in
Casey's shoes because that's kind of who he would replace, but I want to keep Casey I want to keep
Checko let's fucking get Mike comate in the game in Erica's chair in her seat
pile
What
Honestly, I think
I'm nervous and Carlos is in the bottom five right now. I think Erica's got what
One of the worst seats in the office. How so lay out. Yeah, she's closest to the bathroom closest to the kitchen
A lot of fun just two necessities during the day. Yeah, but everybody is is like walking behind her
Yeah, definitely definitely and she could she could choose her seat
Yeah, I mean I think none of the seats in that office are good. I'm gonna be real so every seat in the LA office is like a seat of Williams
I know and then what about and then let's because these are the three main offices if I'm in correct
We've ever gone this is also what I'm like because I feel like the show this show has gotten so far away from what it would be
Again as we talk about that all the time
We do and you're always wrong but continue my whole thing is that I want it to be talking more about the goings on of the network
I want it to be less than half so and I want it to be more like let's hash out
The fucking inner workings, right? I tell you to just sit in the office. Yeah, it's the most
Right, so I don't know what I'm saying the quote-unquote three offices
We have three there's three offices. There's the LA office on Sunset Boulevard
There's the New York office in group sold offices and then there's piles home office
Which is recently changed let's get that address?
You do you don't know it. I think I sent you this listing
Listing
Don't go to house a listing because if you're not gonna make your house a home then your home is the one that I must own
Give it here
Is this the cool down room
Cool down room could be anything we want just like an F1 they talk about whatever they want it's a wax portion exactly right
Cool down, but they're I'm like watching highlights of what they just did yeah
Okay, I have
I have piles address. It's one two four eat a null Rhinebeck, New York one two five seven two. It's not even it
You're right that's Steve voletti
You're just dogs the random per billionaires. Yeah, I don't know that's good. That's good
Steam voletti was a rock a fellow or built to state that's now owned by some tech billionaire
It's like so fucking vast
And the cars on the grid are so fucking
Fast nice
I have to do something else and I start putting together my new vacuum
Why
How do you guys think that the ship all went? I think we should do this again sometime is that fair to say?
What do you guys think I think we might do that? Telling anybody is not like good
I just think we might do it again sometime. Does that make sense what do you guys think
Carlos is out
There's a loudest one I've ever heard I think it was
When you like a podcast you have to take it adapt it to what you can do on your own show
Are you like our podcast? Yes. Wow. That's really nice
It doesn't show by the amount of times that you show up to the recording. Yeah, that's true
And the number of times where you'd pick a time to record and don't show up
I thought this went okay, um, I do
Kind of feel confused by your sudden desire to work on marketing the pit wall
In a way that is not useful at all
I guess I appreciate the effort and
It's not useful at all
You know how many people are gonna start listening to the pit walkers of this it might be
But that's and that's that's something. You know, you know, I started listening at it
What is arguably the most boring part of the most boring season in recent memory so yeah
Because it's already even decided basically no, but hey, hey, hey, whoa, hey, but we're gonna have a bunch of great guests
For the first time ever that's true. Yeah, Riley's gonna be on Tuesday's episode that I think comes out next
Tuesday's Wednesday some shit. Yeah, but no, but this what we're doing right now doesn't come out today, right?
No, this comes out next Friday next week. Okay, so
The most recent
Hot this episode definitely definitely because it's one thing about this show is that everyone loves Riley
So if you love Riley go listen to that episode of the pit wall. Yeah, and if you love me
I'm also on the pit wall. Well, and also
I'm actually with Riley. Yeah, you haven't come for an RSVP. Oh, I'm there
That means nothing. Yeah, I don't think you're
But hey, look if you are like I don't know anything about for me the one I don't know what anyone just talked about for the last
Hour of this show which honestly is nothing new because it's kind of unintelligible on its best day
Uh, you can listen to Riley's episode of the pit wall and
Be in her shoes because she doesn't know anything about formula watching it for the first time
Keep that one delete all the other
Actually, no, sorry before we do that before we do that
Uh, let's wrap out wrap up the
Adaptation of the pit wall and the shit wall. Would you say that this week at headgum was a push push or a box box?
Give it a box box
Okay, well, you usually have to give an explanation. Yeah, I mean, I feel like there are a lot of people out
Yeah, uh, it's kind of just like I've got a lot of dummy males
Stop
That one's so bad
It sounds like we're listening to pile being waterboarded
What that episode sounded like too by the way the whole thing not even just that moment
What a dumbest smell I got yeah
Or a black or a text billing stuff got it
I'll get a push push. I kind of like it's not everyone is here
So I kind of don't have to be in as many zoom calls, which is nice
I'll give it a push push. I can't speak for the whole company. I really don't know
Uh
Really what's happening outside of production all that well and you never need to that's the seamless
Or production never stops. That's the thing that people don't understand about
Yeah, it's never starts you have to keep going
There's a holiday this week guess what the episode still goes out
It's new years guess what the episode still goes out
It never stops and this was a push push this week
Definitely I'm gonna say box box. I don't like the episode of the hedging podcast that came out this week
And heard it yeah, um, and there's just been I don't know it's just been an off week. I feel why don't you like it
It was me
We'll no will second time being on it wasn't bad. There were some laugh out loud moments for sure
But I just didn't like it we just wasn't a great one sometimes we have hits, you know
I feel like every month there's one hit and I feel like that's a good ratio enough
Ideally there'd be two next year maybe next year will go for two per month. Yeah, but yeah, so you
You know what goes into making a good podcast and you choose not to do it? No, the honestly the issue and this is real
And that maybe this just qualifies me from being a host, but I'm like
I don't know what goes into a good episode because some I've said this already
But I'm like sometimes I really prepare and I'm like this is gonna be great and it just isn't and it and then other times
I'm like this is gonna be a fucking disaster and it's a hit. I'll tell you why when you prepare and you think it's gonna be great
And it isn't I'll tell you exactly why it isn't it's because we don't know
If you're gonna like pull a knife or gun on us
We started this episode and I was like is he gonna? I thought it was to be one of the
I thought it's gonna be one of the episodes where we had to listen to the entire podcast and comment on it
I don't think I'm gonna ever do that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, well, here's the thing right that so there's that
This show started out with like no listeners just like any show
But it was like we had the freedom to fuck up and now I feel like there's this pressure to not fuck up
Because we're getting it. We're booking ad packages out the wazoo for stuff like see the thing is
A meninist podcast for the road slash ages
By the way, I get brand vetted requests all the time for things that I'm like why would I say no to that?
And then I have to start reading these podcast ads for see the thing is where it's like
Wanna hear a show that doesn't bash men and
Only hears from the two genders that exist. I'm just like
Copy your reading. Yes, basically. I mean, it's not that bad, but that's the essence of it
And I'm like I this should have been vetted
Anyway, I have a job. Yeah, sales team and then you know what that might have to push
I love Alex, but she might have to be she might have to be the Williams of the week
Anyway, actually know the little I can't say that so you can't say that so here's the end segment of the shfucking thing push push box box
We jog ball just did that now
It's
No, we're not calling
No, no, no, not people
Okay
Well, it can be if you want
Basically we do two we get out two awards to the to racers to drivers
There's how do you the week and then there's a little bit of a day so
I'm a pill wall. We do that. Yeah on the pit wall. So now on the shit wall. Let's do that for the people at the company
How do you the week? I'm gonna have to give to me because I thought this was a fun little crossover episode
It was kind of like that's so sweet life of Hannah Montana
I wish I wish I wish
Off remember do you remember the last time you you asked us all to be on the head gump podcast because you asked
Specifically for the pit wall crew and we hadn't recorded an episode of the pit wall yet and we needed to and I
My plan was to just do the pit wall during the head gump podcast
I remember that for that everyone's a bell for sure. Yeah, and then then you're doing that now today
Correct, I believe that was called worst episode ever volume four
Actually tile you might be my hot-day of the day actually because this is the first time you've been on the show in a while
That it hasn't been worst episode ever
Well
We have a name to yeah
No, this is gonna be the shit wall. I actually have a name. Oh, okay. Great
Baby steps much better
Oh
No
How do you the week? I'm giving it to me for coming up with this idea y'all go who are your hobbies of the week?
Usually it's because these drivers are like dimes, but let's just fucking figure the shit out
My hot-day of the week is
um
Marty why
He hasn't been at the office all week
uh
His car is really loud and any parts are right next to the studio
That's so cool
Uh
Why does I make him the hot-y?
Because he wasn't here in the
I think it wasn't a case like that as well recording podcasts in the podcast recording studio definitely yeah
My hot-day of the week is going to be
Uh
Probably the snacks that we bought for the New York
Stadium this week. What do you got? We want to try to Joe's
That's like you said that like he went to you. Yeah. Well, what do you have?
Like little peanut butter cup. We got the low-tay dipers. We've got little peanut butter cups for sure
They're in the fridge. That's where we keep them. Oh, yeah. We got spiced apple cider
I really like this energy from Casey of him exhaustedly being like what do you have?
It's like kids
Children with talent in New York office because what we have in the L.A. office is so bad. It's so bad. It's so bad at the L
It's not that you put in your water. Yeah
What
How are you put in your water? Yeah, you're in
I put some straw to my water yesterday. That was water melon flavor. It was like this kind of tastes like watermelon
But it tastes like I'm drinking good glassful of salt water. Yeah, correct all man
It's I like on it. It's an appetite suppressant because we can't afford the snack
We got ships. We got like pirates booty. We got lots of
Like little trail mugs packets
Just right. I wish I had a snack. Yeah, we got this fucking waste man. It's crazy
Like peanut butter jelly dipers that will request did from Trader Joe's what does he do?
He just moved to New York and he's fucking dominating the place. Oh, no, I mean, it was so hot. I really yes really
Yeah, I'm my kid sent on my lap and watched like the first lap with me
Which is always fun because if there's gonna be a good lap
Good lap good lap. That was a wholesome moment. You're turning it into something else. I don't know what
I don't like it
Sexual or anything. It's just that you know here
Was saying that no, but to me. It's funny because it's just
What first love the way how many times I say laughs always fun because if there's going to be a go crashing is we gonna
Sings lap
Right and direct an episode. What do you mean by that? I don't really know yet, but I think it'd be fun
we'll talk
Right
Um, my little bit to the day is gonna be RSS feeds. Why is that?
They're just causing me problems. Oh, yeah, man
Yeah, brother. We got it. We got to find a better way. Hey, man, brother. Thanks
Okay, a little bit to the day. Pile you
What's that
You
Why
We're doing this to us
I'll take it share yeah sure
You'll take any award anyone's willing to give you, huh? Exactly right as long as I'm being thought of
I'm relevant
Mine is gonna be
I had an answer for this. I think it's gonna be
oh
You know who it is
And I hate to do this, but it's gonna be Katie
Yeah, wait for this. We've been I've been trying to force the issue on a headgun podcast live show
No, don't even spin dart
Don't even start once
No, it's been a waiting
No, it's a request for a slap
No, it's going to happen
No, you have an arm you bumped Katie in a private chat and she just
Directed you to the chat that we started with you to approve a bunch of no, no, I approved it
Four weeks ago
Why did you you did not need me to be like these venues are great? I said they were great like weeks ago
I heard a red herring for the fucking reason why nobody's reached out
Nobody needed to wait for me to say yeah these 30 venues are good
I'll I've been saying for months is that I want to do a headgun podcast live show
That's bullshit and also that's such a casual thing
Alley said on Monday, September 25th
Let me know if there any others you like me to add and we can begin reaching out to check-a-vails
I'm like you don't need me to say there's already 40 venues
You don't need to be need me to be like can you add to the eye when someone is like
Let me know they do need you to say something
I'm gonna start reaching out and let me know if there are any that you need me to add
There's no reason you need me to sign off on these 30 venues to start reaching out
So everyone in that slack that goes not on yeah on you's been really trying to make it happen
Ali Kady and Marika are the little bitches of the day
Insane absolutely yeah fuck fuck off
I knelt down on my job being a little bit too bad. Yeah, I'm actually changing my analysis feeds are good in comparison
Honestly the out of context headgun podcast Twitter has been kind of dying out with the death of X
But I feel like that would be a pull quote is RSS feeds are nothing compared to the judge
Anyway, we do have to get the fuck out of here
Got hey, paypile. We're sorry wait. Where do we are?
Where do I find like
Great question pile
Thank you
Just
Read us five stars
Yep, and then sorry before just before everybody else does their plugs. Let's let's listen listen very closely to what Marika says right here
Where do I find like
You find a podcast
Apple
Fudge is not still to anywhere
Apple pod just
Okay, all right. He was saying apple pod cast and then just
And I thought that was kind of interesting you're reaching you are reaching plugs
At Jeffrey jibbs on Instagram
Riley and I have a patreon that I've haven't plugged in like a year, but it's patreon.com for his last Riley and Jeff and I think we're gonna start adding a new perk there
So stay tuned
I don't think I've ever seen a podcast podcast host say plugs and immediately plug their own stuff like
Immediately after saying
You talking about
This is the pit wall
A part of Formula One podcast for casual fans hosted by Casey and kind of me and piles there
No, me and Marika have done every episode. Yes, uh, and these two guys have done a bunch of episodes and Jake has done the least amount of episodes
But he had it kid. Yeah
Follow me at Marika alone
On every possible social media platform
But literally letter boxed
Really want to get to a thousand and I'm like 30 away. Let's go
Tired of begging
It's not that hard to follow someone on letter box. I fall Marika on letter box
Um, yeah, that's true. What happens when you get to it though?
What happens when I get to a thousand then I'll start
Invited to a screening of
Killers of the flower moon. Wow. Well, seriously. Um, no
I just want the fame and I want the glory
Oh, it's
There's I follow the pit wall
On Instagram and Tik Tok
That pit wall pod. Can we do a live streamed
Watch along of a
Race I feel like I've got I've got all sorts of ideas. Yeah
Bye, what do you got?
Uh, I don't need to plug anything. I'm good. You don't want to plug your dress?
Nope. Sure. Yep. His address is gumball.fm tray. I thought it was
Fuck you
Wonderful
And we'll see did everybody get their plugs in? Casey Casey. Uh, yeah follow follow follow me on Instagram atcase.au
I don't really I don't post on x anymore
Threads ain't it. I'll never join blue sky
I'm on letter box, but I I haven't been using it all that much recently. I kind of got overwhelmed with
I I was trying to log every single movie I watch and then I kind of got tired of doing that so
Haven't I only really log the new movies that I go see in the in the theater, but I but I do go
See a lot of like repertory theaters
That there was a lot in that way and I like to go to those screenings and I and I don't really log those on letter box, but I think I might start using it to
Just the day just yeah, well, yeah, I think I might just start logging only things I watch and then we're like what are you talking about?
That's what I started how I started using it. I didn't log things I watched at home, but then during the pandemic I switched and I made a rule
I have to review every movie with a star rating for myself. Oh, I hate doing the stars
It's a personal a personal thing. I don't I don't want to give any movie a star rating
Because I you know I I will give us a movie a star rating and then I'll all
Like look at that rating years later and go like I don't agree it three stars. This is a five star movie. What was I thinking you know
And sometimes I change mine
It's all subjective
A little bit of the day to y'all
That's fine
It's ultimately your overruled
By how many of us chose you
You
That was a hit them original